hello DCEO fence this is shadow dragon
and I'm not dressed in my normal costume
today because we're gonna be hunting
ninjas so this is half of that new
Deathstroke master mercenary armor so
far I have the gloves chest and this so
if you've been jumping along the
rooftops of Metropolis you may have
noticed that on some of these buildings
ninjas will appear out of nowhere
so first I'm gonna go ahead and Mark the
Mannheim Chinese Theatre on the map
because it's a couple of buildings
around there I actually played through
the entire game without even running
into these guys until recently a couple
days ago I was fighting the weather
wizard and sort of in my usual rhythm
like half paying attention and then all
of a sudden I noticed my health started
going down rapidly and now whether words
it doesn't have a powerful attack like
that so all of a sudden I see these
three ninjas getting into the battle as
well and I still got through that fight
because I just quickly popped my
supercharge as soon as those and they
just start attacking and it seems like a
three-way battle because I think they
were also fighting whether wizard and
they were also getting hit by whether it
was anyway I decided to do this video
because if you're fighting whether was
it alone or just any quest along these
rooftops you just want to be careful not
to aggro the ninjas
it don't seem to be appearing right now
you'd normally see these plumes of smoke
on top of these buildings here just
randomly appearing and on the mini-map
you'll see red dots blink on and off oh
you don't know what triggers are
spawning I kind of thought they were
always here and I just missed him
so after the fight with that three-way
fight with whether was they're ninjas I
googled it the ninjas are called serpent
paths it's certain paths at depth so it
turns out that they are part of T for
villain operation and I want to give
credit to Schiller for posting the
question on the DCUO forums and agent X
44 for giving that answer
I guess maybe since it's part of an
operation maybe it takes a villain group
to cue this up in order for them to
actually spawn so maybe that's why I'm
having a hard time finding them right
now
you know what I should try rephrasing
maybe they'll be there in the other
phase
oh you hear that little explosion I
think that's a sign of them okay let me
look around the same spots as before and
hopefully you can find it oh there's an
explosion in distance that is one of the
smoke bombs I was talking about
all right so there's another smoke bomb
now before I go in there please take a
look at the upper right in the mini-map
I want to get that red dot to appear and
disappear before I jump in right there
all right let's do this
so there are various types they each
have different weapons just like the ads
from the League of Assassins stronghold
except these guys do a lot more damage
and looks like they had some kind of
power that is similar to nature
so there you have it ninjas on the roof
thanks for watching and be careful out
there
you